Ma'am, this is the latest version of the story.
I tried to tell you.
As long as you are satisfied, stay.
Then stay.
Madam, this director really cares about you.
I've been with you for so many years.
Only you are treated that way.
Good day to me.
Snow is still in the company.
Ninh Sister Snow thick face.
At the same time, he didn't leave.
He's hungry.
You can't go without getting what you want.
Phuong Minh
Your girlfriend's birthday is coming up, right?
Take this for you.
Take it, lady.
My followers will not lose.
If you dare to bleed.
The principal secretary next to you today is your wife.
I promise I won't let you talk this time.
Some people are not ashamed.
She is married and dresses well every day to attract men everywhere.
Are you talking about me?
You are very good at sitting in the right place.
In the same way, some people are the kind of people who can't leave men anyway.
It's good to be a woman.
You can lie down and get a raise.